README.md, before:

### Project Title
Explore-US-Bikeshare-Data

### Description
In this project, I will explore data related to bike share systems for three major cities in the United States which are Chicago, New York City, and Washington. Using Python, I will write a code import the data and answer interesting questions about it by computing descriptive statistics.

The answered questions are: What month occurs most often in the start time? What day of the week occurs most often in the start time? What hour of the day occurs most often in the start time? What is the total trip duration and average trip duration? What is the most frequently used start station and most frequently used end station? What is the most common trip? What are the counts of each user type? What are the counts of gender? What is the earliest birth year, most recent birth year, and most common birth year?

### Questions answered
Popular times of travel
What is the most popular month for start time?
What is the most popular day of week (Monday, Tuesday, etc.) for start time?
What is the most popular hour of day for start time?
Popular stations and trip
What is the most popular start station and most popular end station?
What is the most popular trip?
Trip duration
What is the total trip duration and average trip duration?
User information
What are the counts of each user type?
What are the counts of gender? (only available for NYC and Chicago)
What are the earliest (i.e. oldest person), most recent (i.e. youngest person), and most popular birth years?

### Files used
Chicago.csv NewYorkCity.csv Washington.csv

### Credits
W3schools

Commit message:

docs: added datasets in readme file

README.md, after:

### Project Title
Explore-US-Bikeshare-Data

### Description
In this project, I will explore data related to bike share systems for three major cities in the United States which are Chicago, New York City, and Washington. Using Python, I will write a code import the data and answer interesting questions about it by computing descriptive statistics.

The answered questions are: What month occurs most often in the start time? What day of the week occurs most often in the start time? What hour of the day occurs most often in the start time? What is the total trip duration and average trip duration? What is the most frequently used start station and most frequently used end station? What is the most common trip? What are the counts of each user type? What are the counts of gender? What is the earliest birth year, most recent birth year, and most common birth year?

### Questions answered
Popular times of travel
What is the most popular month for start time?
What is the most popular day of week (Monday, Tuesday, etc.) for start time?
What is the most popular hour of day for start time?
Popular stations and trip
What is the most popular start station and most popular end station?
What is the most popular trip?
Trip duration
What is the total trip duration and average trip duration?
User information
What are the counts of each user type?
What are the counts of gender? (only available for NYC and Chicago)
What are the earliest (i.e. oldest person), most recent (i.e. youngest person), and most popular birth years?

### Datasets
The datasets used for this script contain bike share data for the first six months of 2017. You can access the original data files here Chicago, New York City, Washington. Some data wrangling, to reduce columns and reformat, has been performed to condense these files to the core six columns used in this project. This makes the analysis and the evaluation in this project more straightforward.

The data is provided by Motivate, which is a bike share system provider for many cities in the United States. The data files for all three cities contain the same six columns:

Start Time
End Time
Trip Duration (in seconds)
Start Station
End Station
User Type (Subscriber or Customer)
The Chicago and New York City files also contain the following two columns:

Gender
Birth Yea

### Files used
Chicago.csv NewYorkCity.csv Washington.csv

### Credits
W3schools
